<hr>
**| [Home](https://rgwebster3.github.io/index.html) | [Code review]() | [Enhancement One]() | [Enhancement Two]() | [Enhancement Three]() |**
<hr>

### Enhancement One
<br>

The artifact I chose for my Computer Science Capstone project was a program that I developed in my CS-410 Software Reverse Engineering course during the 24EW5 term. It is a rudimentary client management application that displays a client and choice of selected service. It also allows the user to change the client’s selected service between brokerage or retirement. I selected this item as my artifact mainly because I found considerable satisfaction in developing a functional program that shared some commonalities with my current career. The program also demonstrates my ability to re-engineer between programming languages and showcases my understanding of object-oriented programming


I had three objectives for this enhancement. Convert the program from C++ to Python, build an intuitive graphical user interface (GUI), and include a new feature that provides the user the ability to add and/or delete clients. These three objectives were achieved, and I am on track to complete the remaining enhancements in all three categories of software engineering/design, algorithms and data structures, and databases. The greatest task was to convert the codebase from C++ to Python. I did not have very much experience with Python so there was a considerable learning curve during this process. Fortunately, there was an abundance of excellent content on the internet for python beginners that kept the momentum moving forward. After I was able to reproduce the same functionality in Python, I moved to the build of the GUI. I found helpful information regarding PYQT5 and its simplicity in creating application user interfaces and decided to create a sandbox environment so that I could experiment with PYQT5 while following various tutorials. After I was comfortable, I began to integrate the GUI into my converted application. Lastly, I worked on programming the add and delete functionality of my feature enhancement. The original program uses string assignments to initialize and call the client data. The use of a list data structure would not be considered until my second enhancement so I was not sure how I would accomplish this task. After some time, I realized that I could simply add or delete clients from the PYQT5 list widgets after the application is executed. PYQT5 proved to be both the biggest challenge and greatest learning opportunity while during this enhancement. 

