<hr>
**| [Home]() | [Code review](https://rgwebster3.github.io/code_review.html) | [Enhancement One](https://rgwebster3.github.io/enhancement_one.html) | [Enhancement Two](https://rgwebster3.github.io/enhancement_two.html) | [Enhancement Three](https://rgwebster3.github.io/enhancement_three.html) |**
<hr>

### Profesional Self-Assement
<br>
My name is Robert Webster and I have been committed to the Computer Science program at Southern New Hampshire University since 2016 while maintaining a full-time job and sustaining a work-school-life balance. This journey has broadened my skill set and provided me with various perspectives of practical use and opportunities within the computer science field.
<br><br>
Although challenging to decide, there are several courses I attended that were in line with my career aspiration and the work in this portfolio. CS-310 Collaboration and Team Project provided various lessons of collaboration while using Git repositories for version control and collaborative peer to peer code reviews, all of which is an extremely valuable skillset that the majority of companies utilize. This portfolio showcases my use of Git using Visual Studio 2019 as I worked through the enhancement stages. DAT-220 Fundamentals of Data Mining taught valuable lessons in SQL database management where we practiced operations to create, read, update, and delete various objects and data in a relational database environment. CS-340 Client/Server Development further expanded my database skills with lessons on non-relational database environments. In this course, we practiced similar types of operations using MongoDB. This portfolio showcases my use of database connection and operations as I created and connected to a SQLITE3 database in Milestone 3. CS-260 Data Structures and Algorithms taught lessons in core data structures such as hash tables and lists. In Milestone 2 of this portfolio, I showcase my use of lists, pandas data frames, and algorithms to generate and maintain an internal client list. CS-410 Software Reverse Engineering was the course I enjoyed the most due to its challenge and complexity. In this course, I studied lessons on reverse engineering and assembly language. I programmed a client management app in C++ using decoded assembly language and further refined my application to mitigate potential security risks. This portfolio, in milestone 1, showcases my skills to convert from C++ to Python and add additional feature enhancements to make this program more robust and secure.


